# GNN Module

### File Structure
* [dataset_hetero](dataset_hetero/): dir contains the MUTAG dataset for heterogeneous graphs
    * [MUTAG](dataset_hetero/MUTAG) - dir contains the `MUTAG` dataset pre-processed
    * [mutagDataset.py](dataset_hetero/mutagDataset.py) - DGL (TU) dataset for MUTAG datset processed for heterogeneous graph.
    * [processData.py](dataset_hetero/processData.py) - helpful function
* [dataloader/](dataloader/)
  * [gog_dataset.py](dataloader/gog_dataset.py)
      * This is a [DGL Dataset](https://docs.dgl.ai/tutorials/blitz/6_load_data.html). It will take in the `.txt` files
        generated by [graph_to_node_dgl.py](../data_converter/graph_to_node_dgl.py) and parse them into a dataset format
        with `train`,`validation` and `test` masks. The data can be found in [data](../data).
  * [BaseDataloader.py](dataloaders/BaseDataloader.py)
    * This is a [DGL Dataset](https://docs.dgl.ai/en/0.6.x/guide/data.html) loader. It will take in the `.csv` files
      generated by [jsonToCsv.py] and parse them into a format consumable by DGL (ie a DGL heterograph). This class
      serves as the base class for all other dataloaders.
    * More specifically, it will go through all the different relations (edges) in the dataset and put these relations
      into a DGL heterograph. From there, we import user defined node/edge attributes from the .csv files into the DGL
      heterograph.
    * The constructor function has documentation on how to instantiate a ProvDataset object.
  * [GraphLabelDataset.py](dataloaders/GraphLabelDataset.py)
    * Loads data for multi-class classification
* [nn_type](nn_type/): dir contains the neural network for both homogeneous and hetegenous NN
    * [gat.py](nn_types/gat.py) - graph attention network for homogeneous & heterogenous graph
    * [gcn.py](nn_types/gcn.py) - graph convolution network for homogeneous & heterogenous graph
    * [sage.py](nn_types/sage.py) - GraphSAGE network for homogeneous graph
* [config.yaml](config.yaml): configuration file
* [gog_driver.py](gog_driver.py): gog driver file
* [gnnUtils.py](gnnUtils.py): GNN and GoG utilities file, it contains helper functions



### Outputs

* [models](models/) - Model for each run is stored in the `models` dir
* [logs](logs/) - Logs for each run is stored in the `logs` dir
